This directory contains:

README
	This.

wxGTK.gtk+-2.0-configure.options
	This file contains the GNU configure options that I use
	for the wxGTK that the program is developed with.  Many
	of the stated options are defaults.

	At least the options pertaining to prologio and wxProperty*
	are necessary for the program.

wx-sc7.patch
	This patch file contains my changes to wxWidgets 2.4.2 to
	get the (at least static) library built with the old
	Symantec C/C++ 7.5 dev. tools (smake, sc, link) under
	MS*.  The patch also contains the setup necessities (~=
	the GNU options noted above).

	I expect the changes will be harmless with other compilers,
	but I can't be certain of that.  The patch might be useful
	(but incomplete?) with the Digital Mars tools (just a guess).

	Also note that to compile with SC 7.x a useful copy of the
	old SGI Standard Template Library must be installed (under
	\SC\include\stl).  Other STL might work; I don't know.

	*(Not really under MS; rather under Wine under Slackware.)

wxGTK_gtk.patch
	You might need this for wxGTK-2.4.2 with gtk+-2x (Unix-like
	systems), depending on the tools used to build gtk+-2.

	Simply: there are symbols in gtk that are meant to be local
	(i.e. not visible to library users).  The gtk build process uses
	a GNU libtool option (with regexp arg.) to hide those symbols.
	wxGTK-2.4.2 did use those local symbols, and was successful
	in that error because the libtool option was ineffective in
	old libtool versions (the symbols remained accessible).  The
	error becomes apparent if gtk+-2 is linked with a newer libtool,
	because the symbol-hiding option is fixed.  The wxGTK library
	will build and so will wxGTK programs, but runtime linkage
	will fail (expected symbols truly hidden).

	WARNING -- USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!  I simply took changes from
	a development version of wxGTK in public CVS and applied the
	changes to wxGTK-2.4.2, BUT I am not the right person to do
	this because I am not familiar with either wxGTK internals or
	GTK!  My changes merely seem to me to be OK, and all I will say
	for the patch is that it seems to work and not cause trouble
	for me with this program and a few others.  If you use the
	patch you do so on your own with acceptance that I (Ed Hynan)
	DO NOT ACCEPT _ANY_ RESPONSIBILITY for it or the results of
	using it AT ALL!  If you do not agree to that, then do not
	use it.  You have been warned.

-- EH -- Thu Aug 18 14:17:19 UTC 2005
